Missing form types (#1719)
PrestaShop/docs: development/components/form/types-reference/color-picker-type.md

---
title: ColorPickerType
---

# ColorPickerType

> This form class is responsible to create a color picker field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This form class is responsible for creating a color picker field
```
